Add blogpost about new request index feature (#469)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2024-08-05-introduction-request-index.md

> ---

Reviewer: Don't forget to change the date of the file...

Author: done

layout: post
title: New Feature! - Unified Page to List Requests Across OBS
category: development
---

We kicked off a new feature in OBS.
The goal is to have a unified way of listing requests for all the different places like packages, projects and what is currently found under "Tasks".
We started this by porting some of the core functionality of the "Tasks" page to the new unified version with a couple of search and filter options.

> The `Request Index` feature is part of the [beta program](/2018/10/04/the-beta-program/) and the requests list can be found under `Requests` on the left-hand side menu.

Author: @saraycp I applied you suggestions 1:1. the only adaption i did was to add the part about "the left-hand side menu"

Reviewer 2: I didn't want to say left-hand side because the menu is at the bottom in smaller viewports.

What about...

```suggestion
The `Request Index` feature is part of the [beta program](/2018/10/04/the-beta-program/) and the requests list can be found under `Requests` on the _Places_ menu.
```

or something similar?

### List All, Incoming and Outgoing Requests

The look and feel of the new requests page might feel familiar to you in case you are a user of the web notifications.

> Right now we support simply listing all the requests, as well as filtering them by your incoming and outgoing ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now we support listing all the requests, as well as filtering them by your incoming and outgoing ones.
```
I could say that we already support more than we initially planned... but let's not minimize what we have all achieved.

Author: applied
